Autopeering fixes (#953)
iotaledger/bee: bee-network/bee-autopeering/CHANGELOG.md

### Security -->

## 0.1.1 - 2022-01-13

### Fixed

> - server panics when sending to an IPv6 address;
> - spams port mismatch warnings
> - filters out valid incoming peering requests 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Server panic when sending to an IPv6 address;
- Stop spamming port mismatch warnings;
- No longer filter out valid incoming peering requests;
```

Reviewer 2: Yes please

Author: Done
